This is a basic proof-of-concept twitter application for finding
weather-related tweets with geo-tag information.

Installation
------------

Install the ruby gems listed in the Gemfile

   gem install tweetstream json trollop

Usage
-----

To print a list of weather-related tweets which have geo-tag
information to the console

   ruby streamer.rb -u TWITTER_USERNAME -p TWITTER_PASSWORD

Configuration
-------------

streamer.rb uses the twitter streaming API's "filter" method with a
list of weather-related keywords

   weather_words = %w(weather snow wind rain sun hot cold dry wet)

You can have up to 200 words in this list, just edit the code and re-start. 

Todo
----

This script is dumb. What I wanted to do was hook it up to a less
rate-limited stream and train a Baysian classifier to identify
weather-related tweets. Since only a small percentage of tweets have
geo-tag information, and an even smaller percentage still mention
weather-related topics there just wasn't enough data to make it
worth-while. The simple list of keywords works better.

The simple architecture I had in my head used the file-system as a message queue:

  streamer looks for geo-tagged tweets (in english) and puts them in a directory 

  a filter script uses the
  "Classifier":http://classifier.rubyforge.org/ gem with two
  directories of "good" (weather related) and "bad" (other) tweets to
  train it.

  filter watches the directory of candidate tweets and applies the
  classification rules moving the good tweets to somewhere else

  A (web) front end displays the weather-related tweets on a map (with
  links to help train the filter).

Anyway, an experiement for another day. If you fancy trying this, see
my "sourceclassifier":http://github.com/chrislo/sourceclassifier gem
for an example of using Classifier.

Fun things to try
-----------------

It'd be fun to:

 - put the tweets on a map
 - replace keywords with symbols (sun-shine, snow etc). 
 - match up weather with events happening in that location
 - compare tweets with "official" weather forecasts for the location

